---
layout: page
title: Hello 
tagline: 
category: Hello
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}

    1. Note(便条)
 Key: Date, Salutation, Body, Signature
 Features: Oral
 Template:
                                                                           Tuesday 12 p.m./May 5th
 To: Mr Chen
 Message:
     Mr. Wang called from England, wanted you to call him today before 5 p.m. or any time tomorrow.
 His number is 13514587612.
                                                                        Message taken by: Miss Liu
 2. Announcement (启事)
 Key: Title larger than content, center; content terse and concise; announcer and date.
 Template:
                                  ABC Corporation Removal Notice 
     As a result of business expansion, our company has decided to move from the present address to
 the new office building in Haidian District in Beijing on March 1, 2013. The changes in address and
 telephone numbers are as follows:
    Post Code:100044
    Fax:(0086-10)6379 3367
    Tel. of Front Desk:(0086-10)6379 2948
    Tel. of HR Dept.:(0086-10)6379 3847
    Tel. of Account Dept.:(0086-10)6379 4759
    Tel. of Sales Dept.:(0086-10)6379 5078
                                                                                    ABC Corporation
                                                                                 February 20th,2013
 3. Briefing(简报)
 Key: Timely, Concise, To the Point
 Template:
                               ABC Corporation Sales Conference Briefing
                                        （NO.9, 2013）（第几期）
 Sales Department, ABC Corporation                                                  December 30,2013
    The Sales Conference of the Year is held officially in the 2nd Meeting Hall on December 30,2013.
 Members of the Board, the Chief Account and other accounts, all the department mangers, deputy
 managers, and sales represntatives are all present. The conference is presided over by Mr. David Brown,
 the Managing Director. On behalf of the Board, he gives a full review of the sales performance in the 
 past year and makes arrangement for the year 2014.

 The conference makes a thorough summary of the sales business in the past year and gives the following
 details: first, great progress has been made in the sales volume; second, all the present clients have
 been kept and more new clients have been developed; what's more, more foreign markets have been merged
 into and more profound influence has been spread all over the markets. However, there are still some
 room crying for improvement, such as the range of products, the spread of delivery, the protection of 
 package and the arrangement for shipment. The conference also set regulations for achieving the goals
 of the next year. First, the sales department should make the business objective as clear and dividable
 as possible, so as to make the salespeople know whether they can achieve it or not and how to make it 
 come true; Second, other departments concerned shoud do everything they could do to collaborate and
 cooperate with the salespeople so as to make their work easy to go.

    When making his summary of the conference, Mr. David Brown says that the work emphasis for the year
 2014 will accordingly be shifted to these items mentioned above and all the departments concerned should
 make detailed planning and strategies to combat the shortcomings so as to make new progress in the new
 year.

    Submission to: the Board of Director (上报公司董事会)
    Sending to: All the other Departments(呈送其他部门)
    Detaching to: All the sales staff（下发销售人员）
    (100 copies totally)




<p>{{ page.date | date_to_string }}</p>
